this combi cutter 1450 is a complete
custom-built jew by the yard combi
may
this potter with an open cockpit is not alone
series well maintained but also provided
all comforts very long journeys
possible with its length of 14
meter 50 width of 4 meter 35 and low
creep height
This yacht is also very suitable in
France to sail through the extra wide
gangways is hunting around very
accessible and then the fascia and
eyes rail them securely
the oven cleans a red
equipped with the cockpit bench and a large one
storage space under the teak
the interior of this combi photo is
fitted with a cherry wood
paneling and leather upholstery
all windows are double greenhouse together with the
central heating is this bad
comfortable and fresh for and sewing
the dashboard is equipped with many
readout instruments and the operation of
the electric club and I are screwing
within reach
from the comfortable steering seat you can
enjoy the
sailing characteristics and the view and if
you just don't feel like behind it
you have to sit with
remote control from anywhere on the
operate the ship from the salon
you can go into the
spacious kitchen with the same conveniences
of being like a kitchen in a beautiful house
so there is next to the ceramic hob
also an under 10 minute fridge and one
built-in dishwasher
Oh
opposite the kitchen on the starboard side
is the very large leather-clad you are sitting
the master campsite is equipped with a
spacious double french bed
air conditioning and plenty of hanging
cupboards
the wet cell is on port side
equipped with a spacious shower sink
and a decoration bow silk is the
toilet room with a tumble dryer
machine
Oh
This combi cutter 1st owner
very well received and also very
suitable for long journey too
France
if you want more information about this
to bitlocker
please contact the team at
west boat or visit the website www point
dash boat and